Privacy Policy
Please familiarize yourself with our privacy agreement, if you have any questions, please contact us.
Regarding the collection of personally identifiable information
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways, including but not limited to when users visit our website and app, fill out forms, and information related to other activities, services, functions or resources we provide on our website. Users can always refuse to provide personally identifiable information, unless this may prevent them from participating in certain website-related activities. Users can also visit our website and app anonymously. We will only collect personally identifiable information from users when they voluntarily submit them to us.
Regarding the collection of non-personally identifiable information
Whenever users interact with our website and app, we may collect their non-personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information may include browser name, computer type, and technical information about how users connect to our website and app, such as the operating system and Internet service provider used, and other similar information.
About web browser cookies
Whenever users interact with our website and app, we may collect their non-personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information may include browser name, computer type, and technical information about how users connect to our website and app, such as the operating system and Internet service provider used, and other similar information.
How we use the collected information
Applied to ads
The advertisements that appear on our website and app may be sent to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer every time it sends you an online advertisement in order to edit non-personally identifiable information about you or other people who use your computer. This information enables advertising networks, among other things, to provide targeted advertisements that they think are of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
About Google Adsense
Some advertisements may be provided by Google. Google uses DART cookies to provide users with advertisements based on their visits to our website and other websites on the Internet. DART uses 'non-personally identifiable information' and does not track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You can choose not to use DART cookies by visiting the Google Advertising and Content Network Privacy Policy at https://goo.gl/XHmW3y
About changing the privacy policy
VVGram reserves the right to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do this, we will post a notice on the homepage of our website and app, revising the update date at the bottom of the page. We encourage users to check this Privacy Policy frequently for any changes to understand how we can help protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy on a regular basis and understand the changes.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using VVGram App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our application. After posting the changes to this policy, your continued use of this app will be deemed as your acceptance of these changes.
Cookie Policy of VVGram - Downloader for Instagram
1. Introduction
1.1 VVGram - Downloader for Instagram (hereinafter referred to as 'We') may use Cookies or similar technologies on VVGram Apps (hereinafter referred to as 'Apps') to store information locally on your device(s). This Cookie Policy (hereinafter referred to as 'Policy') explains what these Cookies and similar technologies are and how We use them. You shall read this Policy carefully to understand the types and functions of Cookies or similar technologies that We use, the purpose of collecting information by these Cookies and similar technologies, and how to manage Cookies. For more information about how We collect, use, process and store your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
1.2 We reserve the right to amend this Policy or related agreements at any time without notice, which shall take effect and apply immediately. If You disagree, You have the right to stop the Services agreed herein. Once the changes of our agreements have been published, You continually using our Services are deemed to have fully read, understood, and accepted the changed agreements, and shall abide by such agreements.
2. Why We Use These Technologies
2.1 We use these technologies for enabling You to use and access our Apps, as well as for You to enjoy the download services. We will not use Cookies for any other purposes unless We have obtained your consent in advance.
3. Overview of Cookies
3.1 Cookies are small text files stored on your browser or device by websites, applications, online media, and advertisements. According to the different providers, the Cookies on our Apps are 'first-party Cookies' which are created and stored by the Apps directly. You can find all Cookies used on our Apps in the Section of 'How We Use Cookies' in this Policy.
3.2 PLEASE NOTE THAT in most cases the information We collect using Cookies and other technologies is only used in a non-identifiable manner without reference to personal information.
3.3 Persistent Cookies are Cookies saved on your device(s) which will not be deleted automatically when You quit App or log out of your account (if you have created an account), and Session Cookies are Cookies that will be deleted when You unbind, log out of your account, or log out.
PLEASE NOTE THAT all Cookies set up by us on the Apps are Session Cookies, and to know more information about deleting Cookies, please refer to the section 'How to Manage Your Cookies' below.
4. How to Manage Your Cookies
4.1 You can perform the corresponding data clearing operation by clicking 'log out' via the Apps' Setting function. If You clear it, You may not be able to use the services or corresponding functions provided by the Apps that rely on Cookies because of these modifications.
5. How We Use Cookies
5.1 We only use Cookies as follows to access your account number and password of the social platform stored on your device for your convenience to log in next time when you use our Apps.
However, some of our partners may also use Cookies:
1. We use Admob as advertising providers. If You click those advertising links to any third party, both Admob and the advertising company may use Cookies to identify your preference and/or other purposes. Therefore, You shall read their cookies policies carefully to determine whether to accept them;
2. We use Google Analytics as a third-party analytics provider, who may place Cookies on our Apps to set or read its own Cookies or other identifiers on your device(s), through which it can collect information about your online activities across our Apps.
Last Update: Jan 20th, 2022
